Hey y'all! So I know that this is a big time for the net neutrality ruling and everyone is in a fuss about it. I know you want to do your part and right to the FCC to voice your concerns, but really, who has the time anymore? I don't know about you, but I plan on stuffing my face with Tofurkey tomorrow and not hastily writing Ajit Pai about how the internet has affected me. So don't worry, friends! I have written a letter for you! Please spam the FCC's website with this letter so they can really understand the full picture!
Hello,
I hope this greets you on a fine Thanksgiving Eve (or Thanksgiving, or whatever holiday you happen to be sending this letter on). I am a concerned citizen and the internet has affected my life in more ways than I can imagine. If you vote against net neutrality on December 14th, than all of this will be taken away.
But this isn't about me, isn't it? Sure, I could give you a sob story about how I've depended on the internet and all of it's wondrous opportunities it's given me, but you don't really care about how this affects one person. What you really care about is how this affects the American people and economy as a whole. Specifically, your own corner pocket of the economy (I'm talking about your wallets if you can't take a hint).
Yes, charging people extra for what is basically a necessity is something that sounds like a no-brainer to a bunch of greedy, money grubbing individuals, I won't name any names here, but there is an extreme downside that you're overlooking. The only reason that you were put into this office in the first place is because a clown in his father's business suit, again not naming any names, talked to his free-internet base through Twitter. Through what you're proposing he could only talk to the small percent of the county that could afford to use Twitter and not the vast majority of people in poverty who can access it through the net neutrality rulings that we have in place now. It's easy to manipulate the masses when everybody in the county has access to the great leader's ramblings.
Be grateful for what got you here in the first place and see how this could affect you in the future. Your administration could be known as the administration that couldn't give a rat's ass about the American people and also price gauged the only thing that helps them connect with the outside world and each other, or you could be known as the administration that couldn't give a rat's ass about the American people, but were too lazy to do anything about it anyways. If you ask me, I would think that the ladder would be more fondly remembered than the former.
Please give this some consideration when you are voting on this act on December 14th and please try to not take away a revolutionary form of communication in a time where our democracy is most at risk just so you can put more quarters in your Reese's mug, again, not naming any names.
Thank you and have a wonderful Thanksgiving,
Your's truly,
A concerned citizen.
Please send this through any channel that you can so the cunts over at the FCC truly understand the gravity of the situation.